Updated bug reporting process on FAQ and Contribute pages (#281)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/FAQ.md

#### I found a bug in RHEL; can I contribute the bug fix to AlmaLinux?

> Since AlmaLinux is a 1:1 binary compatible with RHEL, it should have the same bugs as the current release of RHEL.  AlmaLinux recommends following an "upstream first" approach to fix these bugs by submitting them to [CentOS Stream](https://wiki.centos.org/ReportBugs). For more information, please, see the  [Contribute page](/contribute.html#help-with-reporting-bugs-and-making-fixes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since AlmaLinux aims to be as close to RHEL as possible, it should have nearly the same bugs as the current release of RHEL.  AlmaLinux recommends following an "upstream first" approach to fix these bugs by testing against CentOS Stream, and submitting them to [CentOS Stream](https://wiki.centos.org/ReportBugs). For more information, please, see the  [Contribute page](/contribute.html#help-with-reporting-bugs-and-making-fixes).
```

#### Bug Tracker 

> To make AlmaLinux successful, we need the close involvement of the community
> members. We use our bug tracking system to find, track, and fix bugs. We
> encourage AlmaLinux users to help us by filling in bug-reports. You can track and
> discuss all bugs on [bugs.almalinux.org](https://bugs.almalinux.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make AlmaLinux successful, we need the close involvement of the community members. We use our bug tracking system to find, track, and fix bugs. We encourage AlmaLinux users to help us by filling in bug-reports. You can track and discuss all bugs on [bugs.almalinux.org](https://bugs.almalinux.org/).
```
